Now that we have implemented some authorization inside our application so it now mothers who you are
and what permissions Do you have to actually do something with that blog posts we should check if our
tests still work.
So let's open the terminal and run the tests using peach unit
and you can see that now we have some tests failing specifically for the test.
Update valid and test delete.
Instead of seeing three hundred two code which means that everything was successful and we get a redirect
because those pages are actually redirecting to our blog post page or the main page we get 400 free
which means that we do not actually have access to perform this operations.
So why this happens is that we are actually trying to perform those operations as authenticated users.
So let's find those tests for example the test update valid we are acting as a user and as you remember
this user method we have added it to our test case class from which all the other tests extend and it
is creating user inside the database.
So definitely we will have to change it because the blog post does not actually match this user.
So let's see how we can fix that so the first step would be to somehow provide the user I.D. for the
blog post that we create inside this method.
So as you might remember there is this create method which can accept some additional parameters and
we will use that to override the user I.D..
Now let's use this user which is this method from our base test case class to provide some user I.D.
for the created blog post.
Now if you will run the test you can see that we've eliminated some errors so we can but we can still
see the two failures and this is because each call to this this User class is actually creating a new
user each time it is being called
so let's open this class again.
The test case you can see that the call to factor will actually create a new user each time we call
this method.
So what we can do is inside this create dummy blog post we can provide an optional user I.D. parameter
so when we will need to provide a user I.D. when it matters like in these two cases where the user I.D.
of the user performing an action has to be exactly the same as the user I.D. of the blog post.
They have too much because that's how we defined our outer reservation rules.
We will provide a user I.D. to this method.
So we'll create the user first.
But for the other cases when it does not really matter we can just create a user just in this very method
and just use that whatever idea it has so we can do that simply what this construct B does is if this
value is anything other than no use it if it's something else then use the statement on the right side
of this operator.
So this was introduced in BHP seven point one and well it's better than ternary operator for this particular
case OK.
Now for those two cases that are failing.
So test update valid what we'll have to do is we have to create the user beforehand.
So let's call this user
and now we can provide the user I.D. and also when we are acting a specific user we want to create it
but we'll use the instance that was already created in this our range section.
So let's save the changes and re run the tests.
So we've managed to eliminate one failure.
So we are left with the only one and we have to do the same here.
So first we are creating the user then we are passing the user I.D. to the blog post creating method.
So when we are acting as this particular user we are certain that the blog post has exactly the same
idea as the idea of the user performing this operation.
So obviously there are better ways to solve it.
We can create seeders specific seeder that will load all the data that we need we can add some more
complicated methods to the test case class and also we probably should check for the failures when someone
not not having the rights to perform an operation on a blog post like editing or deleting perform performs
that and it fails.
So we should do a test for checking the specific code like 400 free in this example but we will do that
later or obviously you can try to do it right now was a kind of practice.
So let's see if the tests actually work.
So currently our suite is still working we have 999 twenty nine passing assertions.